OSDOCS-19540: adds gRPC support RHCL (#111522)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/proc-create-grpcroute.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// *deployment/deployment.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="proc-create-grpcroute_{context}"]
= Create a GRPCRoute custom resource

:FeatureName: `GRPCRoute` policy attachment support

include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[]

[role="_abstract"]

> You can implement policy attachments based on qualified service and method names by using `GRPCRoute` policy attachment support. First, you must create a `GRPCRoute` custom resource (CR).

Reviewer: Second sentence might not be necessary

```suggestion
You can implement policy attachments based on qualified service and method names by using `GRPCRoute` policy attachment support.
```

.Prerequisites

* You installed {ocp}.
* You installed {oc-first}.
* You installed the {mcpg} Operator.
* You created a `Gateway` object.

.Procedure

> . Create a `GRPCRoute` YAML by using the following example:

Reviewer: Personal preference as there's nothing wrong with this as-is:

```suggestion
. Create a `GRPCRoute` YAML using the following as a reference:
```

Author: I do not recommend using "as a reference", because JTBD will then want this YAML in a reference module and directory. (BOLO the approved TOC for JTBD.)

+
.Example GRPCRoute CR
[source,yaml,subs="+quotes"]
----
apiVersion: gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: GRPCRoute
metadata:
  name: _<grpcstore>_
spec:
  parentRefs:
    - name: _<kuadrant_ingressgateway>_
      namespace: _<gateway_system>_
  hostnames: [_<"grpc.example.com">_]
  rules:
    - matches:
        - method:
            service: _<"talker.TalkerService">_
            method: _<"Echo">_
      backendRefs:
        - name: grpcstore
          port: 9000
----
+
See the "GRPCRoute custom resource parameters" reference information for details about parameters.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> You must specify at least one value for the `spec.rules.matches.method` parameter, either a `service` or `method`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you include a spec.rules.matches.method block, you must specify at least one of service or method. Omitting the method block entirely matches all gRPC traffic.
```

> If you include a `spec.rules.matches.method` block, you must specify at least one `service` or `method`. Omitting the method block entirely matches all gRPC traffic.

Reviewer: resource maybe? 

```suggestion
If you include a `spec.rules.matches.method` block, you must specify at least one `service` or `method` resource. Omitting the method block entirely matches all gRPC traffic.
```

Author: added: `name` is correct according to the K8 docs

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// *deployment/deployment.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="proc-create-grpcroute_{context}"]

> = Create a GRCPRoute custom resource

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
= Create a GRPCRoute custom resource
```
